Blazor Server SignalR guidance (#15638)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/blazor/server.md

     services.AddSignalR().AddAzureSignalR(options =>
     {
         options.ServerStickyMode = 
             Microsoft.Azure.SignalR.ServerStickyMode.Required;
     });
     ```

   * Configuration (use **one** of the following approaches):
  
     * *appsettings.json*:

       ```json
       "Azure:SignalR:ServerStickyMode": "Required"
       ```

     * The app service's **Configuration** > **Application settings** in the Azure portal (**Name**: `Azure:SignalR:ServerStickyMode`, **Value**: `Required`).

1. Create an Azure Apps publish profile in Visual Studio for the Blazor Server app.
1. Add the **Azure SignalR Service** dependency to the profile. If the Azure subscription doesn't have a pre-existing Azure SignalR Service instance to assign to the app, select **Create a new Azure SignalR Service instance** to provision a new service instance.
1. Publish the app to Azure.

#### IIS

When using IIS, sticky sessions are enabled with Application Request Routing. For more information, see [HTTP Load Balancing using Application Request Routing](/iis/extensions/configuring-application-request-routing-arr/http-load-balancing-using-application-request-routing).

#### Kubernetes

> Create an ingress definition with the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an ingress definition with the following Kubernetes annotations:
```

> ```

Reviewer: I recommend adding a brief explanation of what these annotations do. You can find that info at https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/master/docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md#session-affinity.
